Sorry, something is happening here ...
What the ...
He is!
Help him up! Why are you so weak damn
Pilot, take him to the stairs! - Come on!
Hurry!
Move your feet!
He's still dazed from the explosion!
Damn link, it's impossible to understand.
Come on!
Hurry!
Just follow us, okay?
Come on, jump!
Hurry!
Away from here!
Come on.
That’s it.
We are done.
I told you. I said it!
Not!
We have no more time!
Get out of here!
I can't take care of you
Wait!
Who the hell are you?
Where are we going?
Do you want to stay?
What happened to me - How do I know?
A car accident or maybe an overdose.
Am I dead?
In a coma.
Is it all just a dream?
Memories.
From whom? - Of all who are in a coma.
Everyone who is in a coma comes to the same place, here.
Our brain creates a field full of memories.
It switches off in a coma and adapts to this field.
Like the way a radio receives a signal. Look!
Buildings, things, people ... Everything we remember is here.
What we do not remember does not exist here.
So there you have it.
Memories.
That makes no sense.
What about the people who ...
They are not people. I told you these are memories.
Okay, are these black creatures memories too?
Stop!
Hold still.
Soldier Fly!
Are you protecting the environment or should I do it?
I've already.
Then do it again.
Where are we going anyway?
Can it fly? - Get on board!
That is a hole. It happens sometimes.
One of them has the bus on the building, the other in the field.
The memories mix.
Where is he? Where's pilot
He had to distract the Reaper with a pipe.
Otherwise we would not have escaped.
You have ... you allowed that?
Didn't I tell you how dangerous this district is?
And this card was nonsense.
It wasn't enough time. I said you rushed me!
Everything changed there. - Why did we have to go there at all?
I am absolutely sure
that it was worth it.
Fly, lead him around.
He should make himself comfortable upstairs.
Let's go.
The show is over. Get to work!
Tank, what about the path? Are you waiting for the reaper
Finally blow him up! - But we're running out of explosives.
We have to ration. - Ration on the ass!
Haven't you seen how they can jump?
We break all the paths that arise around the building.
But someone always remembers them and they come back up.
To stop the Reaper, we need to be on high alert.
We take turns keeping watch.
Yan says there is an entire island without a reaper in a coma.
We are always looking for people who can help us find them.
For some reason, he's very safe with you.
You have to eat and drink here. Hunger and cold are memories,
but everything here is like reality, so we have to go outside.
Those from the group with special skills go there.
I don't remember my name. - Nobody does that.
Better give yourself a nickname before someone else does.
It is just a dream. - Let's go.
Waking up in a room ...
someone just died to save you.
You can't just wake up. Do you understand that?
Your body is in a coma there. You are here. You can't change that.
And what is that?
Dreams.
They arise when we sleep.
So we can remember something from reality.
You get used to it.
Gnome lives there, Tank, then Spirit, Link, me and Phantom.
The rest live below. Tank gives you clothes and ammunition.
Are you and phantom together?
What?
It is empty.
Spend a few weeks here and it will take shape.
This is yours. Go inside.
Usually a newbie has to go through an initiation rite,
but Yan has decided to take you on the team immediately.
Ah, the man on the balcony. Is he the leader?
It has been here the longest of all.
He woke up from the coma once. That's why we know what this world is like.
He showed us how to survive here. We owe our life to him.
Including you.
Rest.
Tomorrow we'll see what you can do,
Phantom and I are not together.
I didn't want to ... - Even if he thinks so.
It's not like that.
THERE IS A WAY OUT!
You seem to be really a phenomenon.
Don't even think about going there.
Dreams are tricky. You can get lost in it.
You can't get out of there.
So how are you? Do you get used to it well?
I guess so. - Do not rip me off.
Everyone is going crazy in here.
Listen. I was a little strict with you earlier.
No offense, okay? - Yes everything allright.
Peace?
Peace.
You know,
Yan is trying to find this island.
He points out some chosen ones.
It's actually none of my business. I am not against it.
There are people I have to take care of.
Discipline, submission ...
I understand. All right.
Great.
I liked you from the start.
You are smarter than the others.
So stay away from my girl.
I like her.
She plays something up.
But that's okay. We are almost there.
I wouldn't say that.
Yan may see something in you.
But he has made mistakes in the past.
And again:
I lead the team.
Not him.
We should be friends and you are rude.
No, I just wanted to say that she should decide for herself.
You haven't got it yet.
Stand up. - Why?
Get up, soldier!
Quickly!
Everyone is tired of waiting for you.
In a coma, some people develop special, unique skills.
It all depends on their way of thinking and their inclinations.
Spirit, for example,
can feel Reaper from afar and summons the spirits.
Link draws the routes.
Pilot can locate living people in a coma.
To discover his ability, you need a little push.
You have to be put in danger.
Let's see why you are so special.
Gnome, light a half.
Hey Pull yourself together!
Do something!
So far, so bad.
But you know, skills often thrive in real combat.
Out there. For example, it was with me.
But we are not animals that immediately expose you to a real fight.
Gnome built me ​​...
a training machine.
Bring the doll here, gnome!
I said bring her here!
That is an enemy! Attack!
Fight!
Fight! You can do it!
So you can't do anything?
What did you work as?
I think I was an architect.
Cable!
Take care of the beginner.
We didn't have an architect yet.
THERE IS A WAY OUT!
Afternoon shift! Wake up!
Afternoon shift! Let's go to work!
Higher!
Okay, tie it up.
Cable, we go to your submarine and get the explosives.
Seems we have clarified everything here. Get ready.
Yes, commander!
Nice to continue working, architect.
We don't need parasites.
Stop sitting around! Who else should work?
Why are you angry?
You should be glad you idiot. You're lucky!
Why am I lucky?
You may not have valuable super powers, so what?
Look here.
Many of us have failed this test.
We were wrong.
At least we don't have to go outside.
It's safer here!
Live your life!
And you will wake up from the coma and continue on your way.
But you will have to wait a while.
Time passes differently here.
We don't know exactly yet, but it seems ...
not less than 1 in 100.
A day in reality corresponds to many months in a coma.
I have been here for 15 years and you can live here for up to 1000 years.
The question is:
how do you want to spend these 1000 years?
You saved me. Tell me what my job is here
It is not important.
You have to decide yourself who you want to be.
You can drag iron parts all your life
or develop your skills.
But sometimes ...
Sometimes real skills are not recognized immediately.
A person may then have the feeling that he is failing.
I think I built this building in the city,
but I don't know how.
I tried to build something here, but it didn't work.
Phantom didn't lie.
Skills can develop out there.
We don't let newcomers out, it's too dangerous.
But it is your decision. In his case ...
it worked:
superhuman strength, speed ...
He became the leader here.
I've seen a lot of people get through here.
And I think we're here for a reason.
Everyone who is here has not made it in reality.
They had no future there.
I can hardly remember anything.
Just a few scraps.
Maybe it's the best.
How so?
Without the burden of memories, we can start from scratch here.
Nobody except you can say who you are.
This world was created from our thoughts.
The rules are a little different here.
And here, unlike in reality,
you can achieve what you want.
But that doesn't mean you don't have to do anything.
The rear sight and front sight do not move, right?
Yes. - Get your palm closer.
What do you want?
I go with you.
What? Do you want to join us?
Take it with you!
Why, damn it?
Because I said it.
He will die.
Than it's so.
We have enough people to haul iron.
Let's see.
Already understood, thanks.
Excuse me, can someone give me a gun?
There is Gnome's tunnel. We go there.
Yes, there is my tunnel.
Sorry, but why is it "Gnomes Tunnel"?
Because I remember it.
And I remember that beauty that we'll see soon.
This world is made up of memories.
Sometimes it's easy to find out who they belong to.
Link has a complete theory about it.
Ask him. It is crazy.
Tell me, Link.
I heard you have many. - Dreams?
Yes, in your room. - Oh well.
Because the coma separates our consciousness from our body,
we lose our memories here.
We lose ourselves. Okay?
So ... - But in our dreams
there is all the information about what we remembered in life.
Even the place where we are now exists there.
You can find yourself dreaming there.
So can you wake up from a coma this way?
What are you talking about?
Yan said it:
If you try to enter dreams, you won't make it.
What's so hard to understand? - It does not mean that it is impossible.
Who asked you
Reaper!
No no no. It is save.
It's a two-day trip from there.
Can you see us - You can feel us.
We give a signal, a frequency.
That's why I built the pipe. - What pipe?
So that we don't all fly in the air.
But only one. - As with pilot.
You activate the pipe and that distracts the Reaper.
Then you blow yourself up with dynamite.
If this world is made of memories,
where do they come from?
From us.
How?
Coma patients.
Your brain is dead, but the life-supporting devices are still running.
The relatives don't want to switch it off.
The dead brain creates them.
They die ...
and crumble all the time.
But they can transform the living into the same black substance that
they are made of.
Better switch off the machines than end up like this.
Doesn't look like that! Let's go!
There is our main attraction!
Architect, did you bring clean underpants?
Yes, they're pretty gun-fired with their weapons.
Who? - The guards.
Memories. - Why should they shoot us?
You shoot strangers. That's how I remembered.
Okay, take that.
Turn here and your bio signal will be amplified.
It attracts the reapers like honey the bees.
Roger that. - Do not worry. There are no reapers here.
But don't give it a shit for no reason. - Link, you are so boring!
We're more likely to die of boredom than of the Reaper.
Enough! I'll go ahead!
Tank, stay behind me and cover me.
Spirit, distract them.
The rest are holding back.
Stay behind, for your own safety.
Any questions? No questions.
Let's start!
Freeze!
Did you work here
What kind of place is it - A mix of many factories.
Shared memories from many people.
There!
There is the barn!
I remember again! There is a secret door there.
You are going away.
We have 30 seconds to get in there.
Not yet, phantom! Phantom!
Come on!
Come on! - Stand still!
Tank, throw a grenade!
It's too far, I can't do it! - You can do it! Throw!
Tank!
Cover me!
Stay back, tank!
Get down!
Spirit!
Here ...
What the hell was that?
You still kill us all!
What do you know?
Quiet. - We summoned the Reaper!
Spirit? - I can't feel it yet.
Do you see?
Nothing is happening to you.
If you ever yell at me again,
I'll make little wood out of you.
I'm in charge here!
Do you disagree?
I can not hear you!
Yup!
I did it!
Are you all right?
I certainly don't remember that.
Each torpedo is equipped with explosives. That'll be enough for a month.
Get to work.
At it.
Come on, come on!
Come on! Quiet, calm!
Calm!
Slower! Come on, come on.
Let me heal that
There is nothing.
Come on. I want to look at your hand too.
I said it's nothing!
Thanks.
Attention!
Attention! Hold tight!
Just a slight wiggle and everything blows up!
Damn coma !!
I recognize this here.
Any country.
But I can't remember which one.
What's happening?
All of this is like a dream, isn't it?
A dream.
You think you understand ...
Reaper! - I told you.
How far?
Maybe 500 meters! - Get them down!
I can not!
I need another minute!
Get down now! - I said one minute!
Damn commander!
I'll finish this alone. - Okay.
He won't make it. - Are you happy now?
Hold that as long as you can. Roger that?
Gnome stays here, the rest follow me!
He can't do it alone! - Cable is up there!
No discussion, follow the command!
On three: one, two,
three. Run!
Stop! Stands still!
I said you should wait!
Run!
Come back!
Come on! - Come back!
Come back now!
Wanker!
Don't you dare!
Take him to the exit.
Come on!
So,
I look down, you're all running,
the stupid thing starts sliding down and pulls me with it.
As I crouch on it, I think, "That's it."
But then sparks fly and this carrier ... boom!
My first thought was: "I'm dead, it exploded."
Who knows what it is like to die in a coma.
Architect, you idiot! Why didn't you run with the others?
This was an order.
It makes me think ...
that is,
can you create a wall during a fight?
Yes.
Maybe a bridge too?
I guess a bridge too.
Great!
You will be very useful for the team, architect!
We'll get to places we never even thought of before.
And I think
there's a better way to use your skills.
We searched for a hiding place from the reapers for a long time.
An isolated place.
But we couldn't, because people don't just remember a place,
they also remember how to get there.
That's right, Link.
But what if a place
arises not from memories but from imagination?
When will it be created?
Built like this carrier from which Cable fell.
Then it is not intertwined with other memories.
And that's why it's safe.
I told you
that I will bring you to this island.
And he will create them for us.
Do you think he can do it? An entire island?
Can you do that?
Yes.
I can do it.
Now is the best time to go.
Yan, don't you want to discuss this with me first?
We need time to prepare. - Link, what do you think?
If we leave with the civilians,
we have to choose the safest route.
And we haven't had one like this for a long time. - Hey, theorist!
It's all on paper, Yan. - Didn't we get everything ...
explosives from the area?
Where should we go when all is used up?
Sooner or later the Reaper ... will
see people through the bus. So what?
We're leaving tomorrow.
Link will lead the team.
Yan.
Yan, I may have gone too far today, but ...
You were ruthless.
You put the Reaper on. - That was not agreed.
This is my place!
The mission is too important.
Important mission?
Maybe they deserve to learn a little more?
We talk about this later!
Why don't we drink?
Tomorrow is an important day. Isn't it an architect?
Damn it!
What are you doing there?
You scared me. Nothing, I'm just trying something.
To create something?
Well, I'm trying.
May I watch?
I'm almost done.
Doesn't it work?
No, not in the slightest.
Why did you tell everyone you were going to create this island?
At the submarine, you yelled at everyone to come back.
You weren't sure if it would work.
You could have killed everyone.
But it worked.
So far you have managed without me. - Find out what went wrong.
Wait! You were focused.
You did something with your hands and then something appeared.
Yes, this carrier has appeared. What are you saying that for now?
No, the design has surfaced.
The design has surfaced.
Yes. I have to imagine the complete blueprint.
The complete blueprint.
So which city should I build for you on my island?
They say you have a lot of memories in your room.
Oh well.
I want to see her. Are you showing them to me
How many there are. I have almost none.
That means you don't remember anything?
Just a feeling.
Did you have a car accident?
Yes, I was on my way to an important meeting
but it turned out to be a trap.
An architect trap?
Yes, admittedly, that sounds crazy.
And this woman? Were you close?
I don't remember, and it doesn't matter anymore.
My life is here now. - But you wanted to wake up so much.
Yes, yes, I know. But ...
here I met you and here I can become myself.
I think Yan is right.
If we don't remember anything, we can start a new life.
And to be who we always wanted to be.
Sounds stupid, doesn't it? - No.
I see that too.
Then you remember something.
I do.
I couldn't be with who I wanted to be with.
And here I can.
During the mission, everyone should strictly follow the leader.
Do not deviate, keep your distance.
Do we get weapons? - You don't need weapons.
There are no reactors on this route.
This is where we build an island.
We go through the mountains.
You won't even notice us.
What if you missed one of them?
I know them all. I've considered everyone. Spirit?
Seems to be right. I usually feel it ...
Phantom, listen.
Shall we take these explosive safety wires with us?
Link leads the team.
He is now the commander. - Okay I got it.
So, I have a question: What should I build on this island?
You are the architect, it is up to you. - There is a project. It's not mine,
and the customer wouldn't be happy if I borrowed it.
Oh, I think you can send him to hell now.
Well ... - I don't know what the project is,
but you, architect, should build my own hut for me.
With a workshop, you know? - And with a whirlpool for me!
A shooting range for me! - Okay, come on down!
Forms a snake.
Reaper!
That's impossible.
I checked everything! Are you sure?
I only say what I feel. - Damn it.
It's always the same with the reapers.
With so much ballast, we won't make it far, if at all.
Shall we turn back?
We won't get that chance again so quickly. It depends on you.
Phantom.
You have more experience. What do you think?
We should split up, check all directions,
then come back here and choose a new route.
Reasonable.
Two should stay to protect the others.
The architect and I stay. - He won't be able to help you.
He cannot shoot and is inexperienced. You'd better stay here with a tank.
Or I stay if you want. - No.
Nothing will happen to him!
We're just peeking, but there are a lot of civilians here.
No!
I can do it. Is okay.
Tank stays here. Architect, go up this hill.
If you see a plane, come back right away, understand?
The rest go in the respective directions. Swarm out!
Tank, what are you doing here
Yan sent me. As if he sensed it.
Hurry!
Reaper! About 300 meters away!
Let's go!
What ... - Give me that!
What do you do? - I said give it to me!
Let go!
Let him go!
Where did you get that?
You cheered him on! - You set us all up!
I did not want. We have to go.
Hey Wait!
It's not what you think. You are not in the picture.
It's ... He's the one who ...
We have to get out. We all have to get out of here immediately.
Reaper!
Link, lead everyone out of here!
Listen everyone! Get rid of the heavy equipment!
Cable!
On your right!
We're leaving!
Architect! To the bus! Hurry! Link, take it with you!
You reacted to the Reaper pipe. - Behind you!
That’s it, folks.
There!
Architect!
THERE IS A WAY OUT!
We are nearly there.
Did you get a prepayment? - What prepayment?
Do not you see? Unlike other idiots, they accepted me
and my projects! - Clear. They think you are cool
and your projects great, and that's it? Have you lost your mind
Are you watching TV? Do you have any idea what they're saying about your customers?
They only use you, they won't pay you.
Or worse, I don't know.
Read what the teacher says about you! - Damn it!
The way to a new life will open up for you!
Is that him? - I dont know.
You don't know what he looks like? - We only spoke once.
Be quiet!
It was said that you would come alone.
But he's not alone. - Chill out!
We can only let you in on your own.
I'm very sorry, we have strict rules.
Are you the customer? - Oh, no, of course not.
I am just a simple assistant.
It was I who sent you the offer.
The teacher is waiting for you inside.
You won't ... - Please, wait for me here.
Wait. - What?
Here, take this with you.
What is that? A hospital?
A former. We just took it over.
Brilliant. How long have you had this idea?
Since university.
And people just keep building these ugly structures.
Yes, you are absolutely right, it is crazy.
I sent them around to various competitions, but ...
pointless, it's just pointless. Pearls before swine.
This world could never see anything unusual
even if it were a hundred times better.
Would you really be able to build what I suggest?
Follow me, I'll show you something.
Excuse me, but what exactly is your organization doing?
You know, there are many rumors.
We give people the light of new life.
You saw the board.
You will see it yourself.
I studied the cerebral physiology of the brain
and discovered that people who are in a deep coma have
access to a whole world that nobody knows about.
This world is so much better than the known reality.
Do you mean dreams?
It is impossible to explain. Do you want to see it?
I'm in a hurry, I still have to do something.
It will not take long.
I am sure you will like it.
Let go! Stay away from me!
What happened? - Go ahead! Get going!
I ran over someone!
Drive! - I told you they were lying!
Why don't you listen to me Why don't you ever listen to me
She was in a coma just a few hours ahead of you.
But months have passed there.
Fascinating, isn't it?
Who the hell are you?
A group of scientists who
want to give people a new world.
And what about these spiritual teachings?
They help finance the project.
My studies were announced unsuccessfully, so I had to find a way.
And a wise man said, "If you want to get rich
, start your own religion."
Incidentally, it was much easier than I thought.
So is my city project a lie? - Of course not!
The city is real.
I put together a group of people
with special brain pathologies that
can survive in a coma.
I found an artist
with amazing memory and imagination
so that he could work on a worthy project
and realize it there.
But for what?
Do not you understand? To be able to live there.
In dreams?
The coma world was known to people long before our time.
Old rulers from many cultures went there.
But modern technology
paved them with the walking corpses, the reapers.
And all these people found a new meaning, a new life.
Even you were almost happy there.
There you were the great architect.
And what is waiting for you here?
Country houses.
If you are lucky.
Did you get the same injection as me?
It is faster and better for them.
You should have asked her first!
You know, Phantom's memory was completely restored.
He remembered how he got here and who he was.
But he didn't want to wake up.
A reaper caught him later.
At the physiological level, this is necrosis of the brain tissue.
He panicked and threatened to tell everyone the truth.
In the end, he killed a lot of people and ruined almost everything.
It took a lot of effort to get you out of there.
So, the more you know, the more problems arise.
And will you put all of your followers into a coma?
You need people to create a new life.
Slaves.
But you won't know you're going to be in a coma, will you?
In return, I will give people infinite life full of meaning.
What's wrong with it?
Everyone can have what they want in a coma.
One has the task of being a commander or spiritual leader,
the other a great architect.
You are crazy! Don't you understand that these are all just dreams?
That does not matter. See ...
that's it, I'm out of here. Let us go. Please, it's enough.
Knowledge is the source of all problems.
You will still achieve what is necessary.
I'm not going there again.
You know, if the Reaper catches someone,
their brain dies in a matter of minutes.
Did you leave her in a field?
Strange. At the moment everything looks normal.
But it is impossible to see everything. - That's enough!
Let her go, she has nothing to do with it!
I invited you alone. You caused the accident.
You did this to yourself. You too.
Anyway, you will build this island and your city on it,
then I will let you both go.
You will let us all go!
I give you my word that I won't stop anyone.
You will wake up in your house again.
Your brain captures the strongest memories.
This time, your memory will recover much faster.
You have to find link.
The coordinates for the city you are supposed to build are on his map.
What if I can't reach him?
You'll.
This stimulation makes your brain work much more intensely.
Sure, it harms your health,
but you'll be a superhero for a while.
Moment. How will they know we have to get out of the coma?
Not at all.
So yes, there is a way. From the inside out.
A back door, if you will.
When you've done everything, I'll show you.
Think about it. I came out too.
Now sleep.
Get down!
That's it, that's the last one!
Leave it to us.
Yes ...
It's not what you think.
We have to go.
As quickly as possible.
Many people don't accept it in the beginning.
Maybe we should give him time.
No.
Do what i say
Here it is.
Yan chose this location himself.
He said he's majestic.
What's happening?
Did you hurt yourself
It's nothing, I'm just exhausted.
I will live on this island for some time.
Very soon.
I can not believe it.
Yan was right after all. - Don't you understand that?
We are all in the basement of this madman!
This island will not exist, it is just a dream!
I know it's difficult to understand.
But if you see with your own eyes how you are lying there ...
So you really told them.
You've been through so much, that's not fair.
Where should i build
The bridge should start right here.
"And God looked at everything he had done,
and behold, it was very good."
What do you need reality for now?
Yan, I built everything. Let's go.
Spirit.
In your life you saw dead people around you
and had several seizures a day.
You had no relatives and you lost your only child.
I saved you from the institution where you would have rotted to your death.
Tank.
You lost your family in an accident.
You became an angry alcoholic.
Started shooting at your neighbors.
You would have ended up in a mental asylum
or in prison.
Link, you are autistic.
You can't even go out.
Your poor old parents.
What will happen if they die?
And you have an even more serious illness, architect.
Your ideas are beautiful, but they're too futuristic.
That means that nobody needs them. Everyone left you, even she who was
by your side until the end. He's nothing out there.
A childish, undetected genius who
takes out all his anger around the world.
I bet you thought of suicide
long before you got that envelope.
This project has given you meaning in your life again.
Did you get a prepayment? - What prepayment?
Do not you see? Unlike other idiots, they accepted me
and my projects!
Just keep laughing. After that everything will change for us, I'm sure.
For us? There is no "us".
That's why you're sitting here in this car.
My goodness!
They think you're cool and your projects are great, and that's it?
Have you lost your mind - You once believed in me more.
They only use you, they won't pay you.
Or worse, I don't know. - Do you have a guilty conscience?
It's a great car. It is certainly a gift
considering that you are only a nurse. But okay.
I'll buy you a new one when I'm famous.
This is the last time that I help you.
We stay.
Stay here.
But now I won't leave you anymore.
I can not. You would give up everything.
And who should believe us? - My followers.
You can't hide that forever.
And there is no place in heaven for those who
know the secret of its creation.
That affects you too.
Now that you know everything, I can no longer let you live with the others.
We won't tell anyone.
It's over.
You suffer out there.
The lack of oxygen in the brain has started
and you will soon feel it.
AIR SUPPLY INTERRUPTED
I don't know in what order you were turned off.
It's seconds there, but here we have about 15 minutes
to say goodbye.
Wait!
I was a little unsure.
Stimulating the brain can be harmful,
but in this case it was worth it.
I have a lot to do.
Damn it!
You warned me that they would only use me!
What? - We have to wake up.
We'll wake up and switch it off.
The back door!
Link!
How did he get out when the Reaper attacked? - Dreams.
Each of us has dreams WHERE we are right now.
If you find yourself in that dream, then ...
That's why he said that dreams are dangerous!
You are dangerous! It's not that easy! - We do not have much time! Link, let's go!
Spirit, let's go!
INTERRUPTED AIR SUPPLY
Come on
Link, we have to go to Yan's room. Go ahead
You are already there.
We can't do it! - Crap.
I have an idea!
Come on! More quickly!
THERE IS A WAY OUT
What is? - I don't remember that.
These are dreams, I told you that.
We have to work harder to find this place, everything is mixed up here!
Then there, I think.
There was a door and stairs. That is not the same!
Link?
Everything in here is connected by association.
Try not to look for the layout of the rooms.
How does it work?
Details!
Look for details that remind you of this room!
One detail ...
yes, here it is.
That was a painting from the room.
Right!
I was right!
Of course you were right.
Despite everything, Link is a genius. Where would we be without him?
Memory always has the most interesting things for us.
And of all things, you remember a temple in this picture.
A true architect.
You know, I really hoped that you were smarter than the rest.
You reminded me of myself when I was young.
Medicine continues to struggle to
extend a human life by five years,
but I can extend it by a thousand years.
And you know what?
My department was closed to
fund the development of a new cellulite remedy.
I never understood how to live in such a stupid
and ugly world,
but then I realized it: there is another world.
I discovered it.
Run!
But I had my doubts, just like you.
It's just an illusion.
I thought so until I made a discovery.
Everything we live for,
all our emotions, joy, happiness, anger, amazement, sadness
are just electrical impulses from our brains.
We measured them in reality and in a coma.
And do you know what?
They were absolutely identical.
Life in a coma is as real as it can be.
That's the way it is.
It's that simple.
We found it, Fly.
INTERRUPTED AIR SUPPLY
Come on!
Calm.
Breathe.
Breathe. Calm.
What ...
we're going home.
Everything will be fine. We're going home, okay?
We go. Stand up.
So, I'm almost done, but I need a break.
Let's go for a walk with Torik.
All right, let's go.
What about your projects Did someone answer?
No.
This is definitely due to the wrong presentation.
Come on, no, everything's great. You just have to be realistic.
My projects are really worthless. But at least ...
will be financially better this year. We won the tender.
Is that a joke? - No.
Congratulations.
It looks like the scandal about the "Foundation of Eternal Life"
will end without results.
All charges have been dropped for lack of evidence
since it was found
that all subjects were legally accommodated.
The organization continues to successfully recruit its followers ...
A BRILLIANT, NEW LIFE
IS A WAY OUT
Do you think they will come to us?
We have nothing to fear. Get dressed.
By the way, the post came in the morning. An envelope addressed to you.
Yes I saw it. - What is inside?
Nothing special, just documents for an old project.